Explanations for file paths, directories, and RDS files (#72)
AlexsLemonade/training-modules: intro_to_R_tidyverse/02-intro_to_tidyverse.Rmd

head(metadata_edit)
```

## Save data to files

#### Save to TSV files

Let's write this data we edited to a file.
To do this, we can use the `readr` library of `write` functions. 

> Note that the second argument of `write_tsv` needs to be our a character string 

Reviewer: to be ~~our~~ a character string

we need to specify this. 
This is what we will use the `file.path` function for. 
Let's look at what `file.path` does, by taking a look at the print out of it 
from examples below.

```{r}
# Which of these file paths is what we want to use to save our data to the
# results directory we created at the beginning of this notebook?
file.path("docker-install", "metadata.tsv")
file.path("results", "metadata_clean.tsv")
file.path("metadata_clean.tsv", "results")
```

Replace `<NEW_FILE_PATH>` below with the `file.path` from above that will 
successfully save our file to the `results` folder 

```{r eval=FALSE}
# Write our data.frame to a TSV file
write_tsv(metadata_edit, <NEW_FILE_PATH>)
```

Check in your `results` directory to see if your new file has successfully saved.

#### Save to RDS files

For this example we have been working with `data.frame`s, however, in other 
situations we may want to save more complicated structure objects or very large 
objects. 
RDS files may be a better option in these instances.
RDS is R's special file format for holding data exactly as you have it in your 
R environment. 

> RDS files also are compressed, meaning they will take up less space on your 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
RDS files can also be compressed, meaning they will take up less space on your 
```
`write_rds` does not compress by default, the base function `saveRDS` does. I have typically used `saveRDS` outside of the training context so I probably misspoke a bit last training.

Author: Ah I see. Yeah, I usually use `saveRDS` so I didn't even think about it.
